
----

== Credits ==

{{int:version-credits-summary}}
SNU is a collaborative project, and is released under the GNU General Public License v3. We would like to recognize the following names for their contribution to the product.

<!-- This comment block and this file (excluding author names) was modified from MediaWiki/CREDITS -->

=== Maintainers ===

<!-- BEGIN MAINTAINERS LIST !-->

1. @seanpm2001 - Creator and primary maintainer of SNU

2. @all-contributors[bot]

3. No other contributors as of Saturday, 2022, February 12th at 5:53 pm

=== Contributors ===

<!-- BEGIN CONTRIBUTOR LIST -->

1. @seanpm2001

2. @all-contributors[bot]

{{int:version-credits-summary}}
SNU is a set of collaborative projects released under the GNU General Public License v3. We would like to recognize the following names for their contribution to the product.

<!-- This comment block and this file (excluding author names) was modified from MediaWiki/CREDITS -->

== Maintainers ==
<!-- BEGIN MAINTAINERS LIST !-->

1. @seanpm2001 - Creator and primary maintainer of the SNU project and its hundreds of subprojects

2. @all-contributors[bot]

3. No other contributors as of Saturday, 2022 March 12th at 5:56 pm

== Developers ==

People who indirectly contributed to this project

1. @seanpm2001 - Creator and primary maintainer of the SNU project and its hundreds of subprojects

2. @all-contributors[bot]

3. @EmptyMalei - For usage of an unlicensed Mathematica mega sample library

4. @Google - For usage of Blockly, Go, Dart, Flutter, and some other languages, which are to be DeGoogled

5. @FrancisMcCabe - For usage of Go!

6. @Microsoft - For usage of TypeScript, C#, F#, Q#, and several other languages

7. @FaceBook - For usage of Hack, and some other languages

8. @Apple - For usage of Swift, Objective-C, Objective-C++, Squeak, and some other programming languages

9. @Shopify - For usage of the Liquid Ruby template

10. @GitHub - For hosting this project for the first time

11. @Jetbrains - For usage of Kotlin

12. @Mozilla - For usage of Nunjucks, and some other languages. Also thank you for helping contribute to an open web

13. @Commodore - For usage of BASIC, and some other languages

14. @GNOME - For usage of Vala, Genie, and some other languages

15. @GNU - For licensing and other important services

16. @Wolfram - For usage of Mathematica

17. @Wikimedia - For inspiration and community usage of source code

18. @PHPFoundation - For the usage of PHP

19. @DMR - For the usage of C, UNIX, and many other legendary contributions to computer science

20. @Ken - For the usage of C, UNIX, and many other legendary contributions to computer science

21. @Adafoundation - For the usage of Ada

22. @Roku - For the usage of BrightScript

23. @PerlGroup - For the usage of Perl, Raku, and some other languages

24. @Git - For the usage of Git

25. @Dlang - For the usage of the D programming language

26. @Cappuchino - For the usage of the Objective-J programming language

27. @SunMicroSystems/Oracle - For the usage of Java and some other languages

28. @BjarneStrousnip - For the usage of C++

29. @FORTRAN - For the usage of FORTRAN

30. @ALGOL - For the usage of the ALGOL programming language

31. @TimBernersLee - Not on GitHub, but none of this would be possible without him.

32. Many others not listed yet

33. No other contributors as of Saturday, 2022, March 12th at 5:56 pm

=== File info ===

<b>File type:</b> <i>MediaWiki document (*.wiki)</i>

<b>File version:</b> <i>1 (2022, Saturday, March 12th at 5:56 pm)</i>

<b>Line count (including blank lines and compiler line):</b> <i>122</i>

----
